# Group Summary
GitHub Repo: https://github.com/krug0102/DatabasesFinalProject (Working project located in the `Data Entry` branch)
*How to run the project is located in the README.md*

In our project proposal, we layed out a bunch of functionality that, unfortunately, we didn't get to implement.  This was due to a couple of factors.  The the main resason was that we had originally planned to use an Azure SQL database instead of a MongoDB database.  We had layed out all of our tables in Azure and got them to a satisfactory point, however, when we were looking into how to connect Java to an Azure database, we got stuck.  We tried for a few days to figure it out, but nothing worked.  In the end we decided to use the template from Software Design and Development and adapt it to work with our data.  The other, was that the data that we used was from a wikipedia table, which we needed to enter manually.  We didn't figure out until the day before presenting that there was a Wikipedia table to JSON converter online.  This required use to reformat the database as the columns in the wikipedia table were different than the names we wanted to use originally, and forced us to refactor a lot of the front and back-end to match the database.  Also, the data didn't include all of the information that we had originally wanted to present, like total revenue and content rating to name a few.  This would have made entering the data take even longer since we would have had to manualy look up and input that data.   
Functionality that we didn't have finished during our presentation was having a dropdown for filtering by genre, with it instead being a search.  We have since implemented this functionality.  
*If you would like to see the original SQL Tables we planned to use, they can be found [here](https://github.com/krug0102/DatabaseSystemsLabs/blob/main/finalProject.sql)*

## Future Work
If we were to continue working on this project we would obviously like to implement the functionality that we layed out in the proposal, but also add additional tables in our database for things like Genre, Content Rating, Publisher, and Developer.  As this would require a complete refactor of our project, it was not a priority to make multiple tables in our database.
